# What I did today:

## Worked on bout clustering on each frequency group according to their BCI.
#### Added a notebook where I encountered and fixed issues.
- Some different frequency groups have bouts in the same time. These bouts can be "correctly classified" using their spectrum.
- However, I only have access to the spectrums from the example files I have copied over to my machine.
- This complicates how I will be able to "correctly" classify bouts when I only have detections for most calls.
- My idea to this is to "learn" the thresholds for each group in each location using the subset I have collected and THEN apply those thresholds to the detections.

#### Completed:
- For each bout from our example subsets, get the X% or X number of calls with a high enough SNR.
- For each call of that bout, what is the spectrum? Take -10dB to the left and right of the max and just plot a line.
- What is the most activated frequency or range of frequencies of this bout? 
- Classify each bout according to its most activate range of frequencies.
- These are the "true" frequency groupings.

#### Now what?
- I have the correct groupings of, at most, the calls whose audio files I have saved.
- I could make the frequency activation a part of the detector but it would be a bit tedious to go back and regenerate detections.
- Need to check with Wu-Jung on this I believe. How does this help me group the calls whose audio files I do not have.

## Got Activity Index and all plots working with new preliminary groups. 
#### Need to generate plots and put them all in one place for comparisons.
- Also work on plotting correlations as a neat way to see comparisons between metrics and DC schemes.

