# Updates on the past 3 weeks:

## I got a little overwhelmed but I'll try to explain what I've been doing on a week basis now:
1) The week after 20230912, I was working on 2 things:
    - The first being feature extraction from calls. I was writing the methods Wu-Jung and I to retrieve high SNR calls from each bout in a file and calculate their FFTs and put all FFTs into a "bucket" while saving the corresponding call informations to a DataFrame so each FFT at index i also has information about its original call at index i of the DataFrame.
    - The second thing was pipeline refactoring. There were errors that needed to be examined. Pandas .where() function seemed to randomly erase data while numpy .where() did not have this problem. The division in the bout percentage was also missing a parenthesis. All of these issues were resolved to generate plots. Tests were added but these tests were on data rather than on functions.
2) The week after 20230919, I worked on things described below:
    - Creating a mock dataset to run tests on and get expected results. I was able to create 2 mock datasets. One with a sinusoudal IPI function such that there were exactly 5 bouts in a period of 30 minutes. The other with a constant IPI such that the # of calls could be as expected and the other activity metrics could also be derived and checked. **These additions have not been incorporated into the main project code yet**
    - This week was the week Wu-Jung and I discussed the takeaways from our subsampling results and plots. One of our takeaways was how the activity index was a quantized index that caused it to have poor resolution when comparing activities across nights. I wrote code and plotted figures to calculate the activity index summed across each night to see how the total activity index for each night varied as the time block was increased. As expected, as the time block increased, more activities were equated with each other due to only having a finite set of possible indices to assign. **Wu-Jung and I discussed an idea for using the activity index per 30-min with a time block of 30-min as a secondary method for deriving the presence vs. absence grid so we can test that the presence vs. absence is working as intended. This should be incorporated into the main project code**
    - I presented my slides this week at the Echospace group meeting so I was very occupied with preparing figures for this.
3) The week of 20230926, I worked on things described below:
    - I picked up call feature extraction this week again to put together the bucket of FFT signals. Over the weekend I created a bucket of call signals from Foliage. On Monday, I created a corresponding bucket of FFT signals and Welch spectrum signals from these call signals. There are 87641 call signals and their informations are stored in a separate Dataframe (snr, sample rate, file name, bout index) are among the information.