# What I did today:

## Performed correlation between DC schemes.
#### Tested various DC schemes for Carp Pond LF calls.
- Schemes: 1of6, 5of30, 10of60, 30of180, 60of360, 100of600, 120of720, and 300of1800
- These outputs still exist. All listening proportions are 0.1667.
- Also tried larger listening proportions.

#### Thoughts:
- We get correlation curves as correlation coefficient per night.
- By getting the average correlation coefficient for all nights, we can come up with a "score".
- I tried this. This score seemed to improve whenever listening proportion increased (as expected since listening longer would improve accuracy).
- Apart from this, reducing cycle length while keeping listening proportion constant seemed to improve the score as well.
- There was no score-based downside to reducing cycle length as low as 6 seconds. It is impossible to physically reduce any lower because the Audiomoth requires 5 seconds of sleep between recordings.

## Developed the activity index:
#### Fundamental mechanics:
- Divide a 30-min recording period into 5-sec time blocks.
- Detect presence of bat call within each time block.
- Add up all presence detections within each 30-min recording period.
- If a bat call existed in every 5-sec time block for a 30-min recording period. That period would have an activity index of 360.

#### Developed methods:
- Developed methods regarding calculating, plotting, and testing correlation for this metric.

## Discussed the 3rd frequency group with Wu-Jung and next steps:
#### Clustering each frequency group using spectrum of each call:
- Look into calculating cumulative energy and spectrum of each call using the FFT.